well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
why it doesn't really matter what
happened in the Iowa caucus behind the
scenes
it doesn't big picture it does not
matter there's the idea and it's widely
held now it's mainstream that the
Democratic establishment rigged it or is
trying to it doesn't matter whether or
not that's true big picture it does not
matter just the appearance matters
because representative democracies run
on faith they run on faith on belief
nothing more in an order for a
representative democracy to function you
have to have faith in three things the
first is that the average voter is smart
enough not to get conned we all know
what our own interests are do you
believe that the average voter is smart
enough to not be tricked into voting
against them that's something you have
to believe for a representative
democracy to function you have to
believe that the average voter is
capable of not being conned do you
believe that probably not
the next thing is that you have to
believe that when the elected person
gets to wherever they're going whether
it be the state capital or or DC that
they're actually going to represent the
interests of those people who elected
them that they're not going to be bought
off by campaign contributions large
corporations promises of jobs afterward
party apparatus that they're not going
to do that that they're actually going
to represent the best interest of the
people do you believe that probably not
because there's not a lot of evidence to
suggest that it's true and what's the
third thing that your vote matters
the idea you know that your vote counts
and it's not who counts the votes that's
really important without those three
things the whole system falls apart and
when you have an incident like what
happened in Iowa they cast doubt on that
when it's literally the only leg that is
still kind of standing it undermines the
entire idea of representative democracy
we have a large problem because you have
those on the right who are clearly
trying to undermine democracy through
authoritarian measures and then you have
those in the Democratic Party who maybe
it's unintentionally maybe they're just
incompetent maybe they don't understand
the stakes maybe they're just as corrupt
and they're undermining democracy this
idea this representative democracy this
this American experiment it's failing
it's failing
because you don't believe the average
voter is educated enough to not get
tricked into voting against their own
interests
you probably don't and if you do believe
that odds are you can be tricked into
voting against your own interest you
don't believe that politicians when they
get up there actually represent you and
can't be bought off I can name just a
couple out of the hundreds up there that
I believe have any kind of integrity or
loyalty to those people who elected them
and now we're not even sure if the vote
matters
you know there was that study the US
isn't a democracy it's an oligarchy
the more time that passes since that
study the more it shapes up to be true
you know people talk about revolution
and reform talk about all you want but
at the end of the day I'm going to go
back to something that I really kind of
point to a lot it's you and your
neighbors that's what you need to work
on strengthening right now and if it's
if you do that we'll have a strengthened
country and if it does just completely
fall apart if the system does collapse
if it is over if the American experiment
is indeed dead we'll be all right we can
build something better we can build
something that wasn't engineered from
the beginning to be for the benefit of a
few
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night